Mykayla Fernandes

ACT 9
INT 1
VIS 9
GLO 3

Answering the questions were tough at first. Each question I was presented with, I recalled times when both responses were true. I found myself completing the test based on how I felt at that very moment. 
I am predominantly an active learner, but I find myself being a reflective learner when everything about the new topic or the environment I'm in is totally foreign. In other words, when I'm comfortable, I'm active. When I'm in a completely unknown and uncomfortable environment, I'm reflective. Hackathons are a great example of my affinity towards active learning. While I am in the process of taking CS courses in university, I learned even more in a hackathon environment where I work in a group for 36 hours straight with the incentive of getting epic prizes from large tech companies. The university courses serve as a way to connect loose ends and assure clean/proper code practices/habits.

Depending on the topic at hand, I am either a sensing or intuitive learner. When it comes to facts about daily life and being an adult, I am a sensing learner. For example, things like figuring out taxes, insurance, rent, and various other important responsibilities that come with being an adult. Actually, now that I think about it, I can simplify this even more by saying that depending on the severity of the situation, I am either a sensing or intuitive learner. Because those adult responsibilities have a greater reprucussion for failure, I'd rather not "play it by ear" and just jump in and try things the way an intuitive learner would. This exact explaination holds true for the difference between sequential and global learners. I am sequential when a lot is at risk, and global when there are no apparent risks and the context contains no real urgency.

There's no doubt that I'm a visual learner, but the visual has to be of good quality. Some visuals are more boring that the words being said about them, so it totally defeats the purpose. Also, being a visual learner doesn't mean that I can learn from purely visuals. I really like playing video games and watching anime. Games involve listening, watching, and doing. Anime and tv shows in general involve listening and watching. To sum it up, the more senses that are being engaged in the act of learning, the better off I am. 

The teaching approaches I like are:

Hackathons. With a group of people, you jump in and solve a problem. However, there are many mentors at hackathons. So in the even that any one of us gets stuck, mentors will sit down with you one on one and work through the problem and teach you everything in a sequential manner using your project. Hackathons are also great because you are rewarded no matter what. You are rewarded with free things from companies simply by showing up. Then if your project is spectacular, you walk away with a grand prize. 

Experiences. I am an architecture major and had to do a year of construction work with 2 professors and 15 other students. It was super hands on and the act of construction work was dangerous. That danger activated the excitement and adrenaline that really helped me learn and remember even the smallest details. There was also the incentive that I'd have a real life building on this earth that I helped design and build. Physical/Tangible proof of my hard work and skills. The act of construction work was a very unique, experiential thing that produced a wide range of feelings and emotions. 

On my honor:

I have not received unauthorized aid on this assignment.

I understand the answers that I have submitted.

The answers submitted have not been copied from another source, but instead are written in my own words."

Mykayla Fernandes